inequality has gone off the charts
you've seen the billionaires getting
richer every single day you look into
their past you look into their history
you start to find some very interesting
details but then you look at the average
person whether we go middle class or
anyone below the situation is worse
everywhere you look every corner of the
world it seems like the same thing is
happening and that people are suffering
it's not as if they want to go on lavish
vacations some do it's not as if they're
driving the Lamborghinis some do but it
is average everyday expenses that have
gone crazy I'm going to show you some
interesting ones today stick with me you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you beginning right here this
is the most important thing do not
listen to what the others say and they
keep pointing the fingers left they keep
pointing the fingers right they keep
doing things that are not in your favor
this is what you have to know it is the
central bankers and their persistence in
creating inflation they want to create
inflation they want to devalue your
currency every time you go to spend a
dollar it's worth less and less and less
and that punishes the Savers that
punishes the people who have very little
or who have just enough it is done so
intentionally that is the whole purpose
and because you have a slave class and
that's the whole point put more and more
and more people into the sa slave class
so let me show you what this is do you
remember a few years ago seems like just
yesterday where
everybody yelling fed president you know
all the members of the
FED look at it read them oh I wish we
had more inflation we need more
inflation we have to work harder to get
more inflation remember that Europe was
saying that the I mean everywhere
basically in the west they were saying
we don't have enough inflation and Japan
is laughing at that and so looking at
all of this you can see what they
created in the end in 2020 with the help
of the governments the central banks
they created the inflation they started
to blame it on you you want a higher
salary because you can't afford to eat
oh it's your fault you remember those
quotes disgusting
disgusting okay look at everything that
we've been seeing over the last while
and you understand where this all coming
from look at some of the stats I'm about
to show you today it's shocking okay to
to see what people are doing yes are are
some people making bad choice yes yes we
got that but not everybody I know a lot
of people that all they're talking about
every time it's about costs costs are
rising costs are rising inflation is up
I can't do this I used to do I can't do
that I used to do they're all cutting
cutting cutting back at the end of the
like the month though they've spent the
same amount or more you see that's
that's not right credit card total debt
versus savings rate you know the drill
every month I show you the same thing
and every month it just diverges further
and further no there's no uh surprise
there right what about buy now pay later
Corey Corey if you're listening from the
finance Friday shout outs to Corey and
all the finance Friday people we talked
about buy now pay later and here it is
impact of buy now pay later users of the
services reported various ways the
products hurt their finances number one
spent more than I could for it so it
could have been the circumstances where
you know it it was something that had
happened look it things happen stuff
happens
right and we got to do whatever we can
but for some people you can see here
spent more than I could afford worse off
financially find it difficult Stick it
to a monthly budget surprised by how
much I owe monthly on buy now paid later
hurt my credit score falling behind
behind on my other lines of credit got
into significant debt and my spending is
out of control so yes some people just
they just can't help it they just
they're doing this they're doing that
they're spending I get it but for some
people they're just like what what's
going on here I'm panicking things are
getting worse my wage my salary I'm
struggling I can't keep up bu not paid
later spending spree more than a third
of respondents said that they' spent
more than $1,000 using the services so
there it is a lot of people are using
this now now some of them there's some
buy now pay later which will allow you
to do it it's like z% interest because
of course they're hoping that you go one
day over the limit and then they're
going to burn you right that's the whole
point I guess but regardless you could
see it here that people are making
significant purchases with it it's not
uh you know something
small genz sinks deeper into debt
inflation drives many to credit cards to
cover the costs leaving them with bigger
balances this is important because what
I have seen overall has been that the
younger generation is getting into the
workforce and they're basically saying I
have no way that I could buy a house
impossible oh a condo no I can't do that
either can I live alone no it's just not
possible well we can rent a place it has
to be at least two people though because
nobody could afford a rent as one person
you start to add all these things up and
of course people start getting
disgruntled I understand uh but the
solutions here that we're being provided
with oh we'll cancel some student debt
oh we're going to wave our magic wand
none of these things will resolve the
ultimate crisis when your currency is
being
devalued simple matter of fact you've
got to understand this and until we
understand it at a deeper level it's all
foolish everything is all foolish all
right Young Americans are starting out
with more credit card debt than
Generations before them that financial
burden could have longlasting effects
they talk about the surgeon prices of
course there's no question people today
are feeling them more than before right
but the you know the younger Generations
they've never had a chance to save up I
think there's a few things that need to
happen we need Number One Financial
education needs to be front-end Center
way too many stupid gurus that are out
there that are misguiding people and
ultimately what we got to do is not
spend our money on the frivolous things
and start to put our money and have it
working for us as best we can we need to
work form businesses with our friends
okay you could be having fun make a
little money there's no reason why we
can't do that especially summertime if
students are in school in the summertime
I know that there are lots of students
trust me I know this that summertime
comes around their University goes on
break they've got a few months and they
are already scheduling out their
painting Services they've got all kinds
of things that they can do interlocks
and Landscaping and flowers all these
different things that are perfectly
planned during their summer breaks they
can make a whole bunch of cash during
that period And there are people willing
to pay for it right you've got to act
smart you've got to do what you can
during these times it's it's tough
there's no question about that this is
the generation that is feeling Financial
stress in a more acute way than
Millennials did a decade ago you got to
understand this if you are going towards
the traditional way of doing things the
way that was okay 20 years ago you are
going to get smacked in the side of the
head by the central
Bankers new car loans amounts amount
Finance continues to rise so we're
talking about new
cars the prices of them have gone up
like crazy and of course as a result of
that you're financing it at a higher uh
percentage as well the costs are going
they're just stretching that out oh okay
you used to pay off a car in a couple
years oh no worries I'll just stretch
that out to eight years and we're all
good you're looking at the Insurance
costs which are insane insane Insurance
costs for cars and homes and everything
else um and people don't really factor
that in they're like yeah yeah there's
insurance cost but actually it's
becoming a huge percentage huge huge I
just actually switch companies because
of this Americans struggle to afford car
payments the percentage of borrowers at
least 60 days laid on their car loans is
at the
uh highest on Record highest on record
now okay uh that's a problem that that's
that's a problem okay that that is a
signal you we should be looking at that
and thinking okay we're already in the
highest amount of basically every type
of debt and now people aren't paying in
their auto loans yeah we got an issue
interestingly this is the Manheim used
vehicle index which is basically like
the
wholesale I want to see where this stop
so the so it has come down
significantly um but we are still above
the trend the prices went berserk there
was no need for that used cars were just
they were worth more than the new
versions like it it was kind of out of
whack uh so we'll see if it goes back to
trend line and then continues on um
interesting anyway I just wanted to
bring that to you because watch out you
know are we talking new cars we talking
used cars where is that debt being piled
up right now I know specifically that
the price people are paying for their
vehicles is still more than ever
before okay what we got to understand
here is that people are finding it
unaffordable there are things there are
actions that you can take right now if
you are willing to you can use the
skills that you have today to bring in
income extra income yes that's tough yes
that's difficult trust me I understand
there was a where I was working three
jobs three jobs at one point just
burning the midnight oil trying my best
to be able to you know to make ends meet
to save to do the things that I needed
to do okay but I'm not one to go out
there and and spend on nonsense it's
just not something I do but I don't
judge people if they want to go out
there and eat the fast food and they
want to eat the thing that that's fine
with them okay that's I don't judge them
but you got to understand where is your
money going it comes in if it goes out
the other door you got a problem okay um
so keep that in mind I teach people how
to do everything whether that's from my
free financial education course Compass
it's on my website the money gps.com
there are people out there that are
paying for that kind of information when
you can go onto the website the money
GPS totally free okay at the same time
I've got the playlists how to make money
playlist I've got tons of ideas of how
to make money uh on in those videos in
there I've got the Amazon the free part
of the Amazon course for free on the
playlist as well I've got all kinds of
information what I ask thumbs up that's
it hit the thumbs up on this video if
you want to support this channel as well
if you want you're interested you want
to take it to the next level you want to
be part of the finance Friday crew or
the Sunday business crew hit that link
down in the description and as always
I'll see you tomorrow take care